---
layout: post
date: 2014-06-25 08:30:00 -0500
title: Minutes
group:
  - board
  - meeting
  - minutes
---

{% assign titlecase = page.group | join ' ' %}{% include titlecase %}
{% assign url_date_node = page %}{% include url_date %}
# {{ titlecase }}
## {{ url_date | date: "%A %B %-d, %Y" }}

Present: Caitlin, Kristen, Lew, Garrett, Marc, Chris Goode, Irm Diorio
 
### Facilities related:
*   Counter/Table and sink have been purchased.  These will be installed when further materials (galvanized pipe) are acquired.
*   Second quote for roof is in the works
*   Grant for CNC mill has been submitted by Lew
 
### Timeline for updates reviewed:
*   Plumbing/bathroom plans.  Permitting may not be necessary- regulations must be studied and adhered to re: ADA requirements.
*   Mold removal was successful- smell is reduced. 
*   Smoke alarms/RFID tbd
*   Founders wall needs design work
*   Walls will be up once the roof is confirmed "complete"  (gutter, fascia, soffits, rotted spots).
*   Chris points out humidity as an issue.  HVAC may need to be considered sooner.  Jim Crabb may be available to support this/provide and estimate for design and work.  Consider moving hvac from phase 3 to phase one.  A second option may be dehumidification.  Lew will contact Jim Crabb to discuss options.
*   Punchlist is necessary to determine who/when tasks can be addressed.  Greg is the "go to" person re: tasks.  Workdays may be identified to accomplish projects.  
Greg can solicit support for tasks using Googlegroup/Facebook and may use communication team to support this work.
 
 
Community Involvement/Events:
Recent events have been successful.   
 
400+ FB followers  
156 Meetup  
120 ?+ Google Group  
500+ Mail chimp  
Twitter is ramping up  
 
For press release:
Mark- waiting to hear form city re: gift, DBA grant for 3D printer, DEF, BNR
Blog (URL)/FM/AJC/WABE/Decatur Focus, etc.
Should Lifecycle be acknowledged or are acknowledgements more appropriate elsewhere?
 
### 501c3 status
bi-law changes are necessary.  Acknowledgement of receipt of filing will be within 6 months.  After 2/3 years of filing, status will become permanent.
 
### Membership report was shared
*   discussion of how memberships will be shared from large donors (DEF, BNR)
*   50+ members (votes) are now listed
*   new membership brochure/packet will be created
*   consideration/recognition will be necessary for large donors once founding memberships are no longer an option
*   membership/finance committee is necessary to answer questions related to pre-paying, payment plans, membership vs. donation, etc.  CPA may not be necessary at this point. Clarification needs to be added to the website "donations (cash or otherwise) do not contribute to membership."
 
Policy retreat to be planned? Garrett will share notes re: policy creation at next board meeting.  Should policies be discussed and created at board meetings or retreats? 
 
Kickstarter to be rescheduled for 7/19.  
 
### Communication/Irm:
*   Teaser video to be posted to website
*   Membership applications to be given to BNR
*   Letterhead to be created
*   List of organizations to approach.  Need "leave behind" packet to give to sponsors/members.  How will they be acknowledged/incentives: name on FB, Sponsor's wall, newsletter mention etc...
*   Consider asking for multi-year sponsorships/donors
*   Tiered/leveled sponsors (think booster club)
*   drop-off date necessary for determining "founders" level, etc
*   Goal is not yet set for Kickstarter campaign (Year one-84k, year two- 138k, year three- 92k). 
*   Discussion regarding board involvement (governance/policy vs. operational).  We have already hit 40k. Fundraising team will work on setting the goal plus a "stretch" goal (10k-15k?)
*   Fundraising campaigns upcoming: Memberships (on website), direct ask (emails out asking for donations/memberships), Kickstarter (September-November), end-of-year (December).
*   address is still Lew's until lockable mailbox is installed at DM
 
Presence at Book Festival tbd- there will be a Makers tent
 
Caitlin working on Toyota Tapestry and NSF grants that will apply towards student experiences- not operational.
