---
layout: post
date: 2014-07-23 08:30:00 -0500
title: Minutes
group:
  - board
  - meeting
  - minutes
---

{% assign titlecase = page.group | join ' ' %}{% include titlecase %}
{% assign url_date_node = page %}{% include url_date %}
# {{ titlecase }}
## {{ url_date | date: "%A %B %-d, %Y" }}

Present: Lew, Garrett, Caitlin, Irm, Marc, Kristen

### Financial Rpt
* Community engagement via social media all up
* Insurance quote #3 was higher; Lew will go ahead and sign for insurance w/ Neil Dobbs, AllState
* Liability release and photo release forms in hand
* Accountants have been contacting Lew and can be part of finance committee
* 501(c)3 done; Marc still to add conflict of interest form

Lew will review the bylaws in the next few weeks; 

### Communications/Fundraising
* Kickstarter filming captured great footage for current and future use.
September is still the goal for Kickstarter
* Direct ask letter is done and will go out on Thursday.  New website is active and more flexible.
* Communication meeting tomorrow night.
* Three fundraising campaigns ahead: direct ask (individual emails) w/ 10k goal, kickstarter, year-end direct ask possibly
* What are some appropriate/specific sponsorship levels/goals for the kickstarter? (metal shop- phase 3, etc.)  We have video footage addressing this and other goals (secure storage)

### Facilities
* Roof will now expand over entire building instead of part of it.  15k should cover roof plus areas of rot, facia. It is not determined whether the rotting area on wall is covered with this. Permitting expectations are not  certain. May start this or next week.
* HVAC is high priority due to mildew/mold prevention.  Will require electrical upgrade, as well
* Metal shop estimate discussed with Shane
* Motion to access another 15k to proceed with roof, HVAC and electrical approved
* Goal is still to have completed before Makerfaire
* Committees are forming to study other projects (RFID, etc.)

### for Finance Committee
* Membership decisions to be made- can we accept monthly payments, etc.?
* Needed- Application, hand-out, orientation, guidelines
* How do we approach use for home-school? Classes? Family= 4 people?
* To consider- membership/votes/keys to space for organizations

Discussion related to FLL and DHS robotics- how to prioritize use re: CSD vs. members. Lew will draft guidelines related to use by schools and home-groups for robotics clubs.

### Activities
* August 2 pallet build at Lifecycle
* Several proposals for Makerfaire
* Will provide programming at book Festival- metal working, fit-it
* Maker Station in Cobb County recently opened

Attorney is reviewing current documents related to policy etc. and will provide feedback

Conversation with Noel Maloof and Lauri McKain was positive.  No proposals were made but they are interested in further conversations about collaborating.  
* Can students come to DM after school for unstructured time spent working on project, hang out, etc. 14 yrs+

Next Meeting: August 27
