<html><head><title>Decatur Makers Board Meeting 6-25-14.docx</title><meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="content-type"><style type="text/css">ol{margin:0;padding:0}.c3{max-width:468pt;background-color:#ffffff;padding:72pt 72pt 72pt 72pt}.c1{widows:2;orphans:2;direction:ltr}.c2{height:11pt}.c0{font-weight:bold}.title{widows:2;padding-top:0pt;line-height:1.15;orphans:2;text-align:left;color:#000000;font-size:21pt;font-family:"Trebuchet MS";padding-bottom:0pt;page-break-after:avoid}.subtitle{widows:2;padding-top:0pt;line-height:1.15;orphans:2;text-align:left;color:#666666;font-style:italic;font-size:13pt;font-family:"Trebuchet MS";padding-bottom:10pt;page-break-after:avoid}li{color:#000000;font-size:11pt;font-family:"Arial"}p{color:#000000;font-size:11pt;margin:0;font-family:"Arial"}h1{widows:2;padding-top:10pt;line-height:1.15;orphans:2;text-align:left;color:#000000;font-size:16pt;font-family:"Trebuchet MS";padding-bottom:0pt;page-break-after:avoid}h2{widows:2;padding-top:10pt;line-height:1.15;orphans:2;text-align:left;color:#000000;font-size:13pt;font-family:"Trebuchet MS";font-weight:bold;padding-bottom:0pt;page-break-after:avoid}h3{widows:2;padding-top:8pt;line-height:1.15;orphans:2;text-align:left;color:#666666;font-size:12pt;font-family:"Trebuchet MS";font-weight:bold;padding-bottom:0pt;page-break-after:avoid}h4{widows:2;padding-top:8pt;line-height:1.15;orphans:2;text-align:left;color:#666666;font-size:11pt;text-decoration:underline;font-family:"Trebuchet MS";padding-bottom:0pt;page-break-after:avoid}h5{widows:2;padding-top:8pt;line-height:1.15;orphans:2;text-align:left;color:#666666;font-size:11pt;font-family:"Trebuchet MS";padding-bottom:0pt;page-break-after:avoid}h6{widows:2;padding-top:8pt;line-height:1.15;orphans:2;text-align:left;color:#666666;font-style:italic;font-size:11pt;font-family:"Trebuchet MS";padding-bottom:0pt;page-break-after:avoid}</style></head><body class="c3"><p class="c1"><span>Decatur Makers</span></p><p class="c1"><span>June 25, 2014</span></p><p class="c1"><span>Present: Caitlin, Kristen, Lew, Garrett, Marc, Chris Goode, Irm Diorio</span></p><p class="c1"><span>&nbsp;</span></p><p class="c1"><span class="c0">Facilities related:</span></p><p class="c1"><span>- Counter/Table and sink have been purchased. &nbsp;These will be installed when further materials (galvanized pipe) are acquired.</span></p><p class="c1 c2"><span></span></p><p class="c1"><span>- Second quote for roof is in the works</span></p><p class="c1"><span>&nbsp;</span></p><p class="c1"><span>- Grant for CNC mill has been submitted by Lew</span></p><p class="c1"><span>&nbsp;</span></p><p class="c1"><span>&nbsp;</span></p><p class="c1"><span class="c0">Timeline for updates reviewed:</span></p><p class="c1"><span>&nbsp;</span></p><p class="c1"><span>- Plumbing/bathroom plans. &nbsp;Permitting may not be necessary- regulations must be studied and adhered to re: ADA requirements.</span></p><p class="c1"><span>&nbsp;</span></p><p class="c1"><span>- Mold removal was successful- smell is reduced. </span></p><p class="c1"><span>&nbsp;</span></p><p class="c1"><span>- Smoke alarms/RFID tbd</span></p><p class="c1"><span>&nbsp;</span></p><p class="c1"><span>- Founders wall needs design work</span></p><p class="c1"><span>&nbsp;</span></p><p class="c1"><span>- Walls will be up once the roof is confirmed &ldquo;complete&rdquo; &nbsp;(gutter, fascia, soffits, &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; rotted spots).</span></p><p class="c1"><span>&nbsp;</span></p><p class="c1"><span>- Chris points out humidity as an issue. &nbsp;HVAC may need to be considered sooner. &nbsp;Jim Crabb may be available to support this/provide and estimate for design and work. &nbsp;Consider moving hvac from phase 3 to phase one. &nbsp;A second option may be dehumidification. &nbsp;Lew will contact Jim Crabb to discuss options.</span></p><p class="c1"><span>&nbsp;</span></p><p class="c1"><span>- Punchlist is necessary to determine who/when tasks can be addressed. &nbsp;Greg is the &ldquo;go to&rdquo; person re: tasks. &nbsp;Workdays may be identified to accomplish projects. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p><p class="c1"><span>Greg can solicit support for tasks using Googlegroup/Facebook and may use communication team to support this work.</span></p><p class="c1"><span>&nbsp;</span></p><p class="c1"><span>&nbsp;</span></p><p class="c1"><span class="c0">Community Involvement/Events:</span></p><p class="c1"><span>Recent events have been successful. &nbsp; </span></p><p class="c1"><span>&nbsp;</span></p><p class="c1"><span>400+ FB followers</span></p><p class="c1"><span>156 Meetup</span></p><p class="c1"><span>120 ?+ Google Group</span></p><p class="c1"><span>500+ Mail chimp</span></p><p class="c1"><span>Twitter is ramping up</span></p><p class="c1"><span>&nbsp;</span></p><p class="c1"><span class="c0">For press release:</span></p><p class="c1"><span>Mark- waiting to hear form city re: gift, DBA grant for 3D printer, DEF, BNR</span></p><p class="c1"><span>Blog (URL)/FM/AJC/WABE/Decatur Focus, etc.</span></p><p class="c1"><span>Should Lifecycle be acknowledged or are acknowledgements more appropriate elsewhere?</span></p><p class="c1"><span>&nbsp;</span></p><p class="c1"><span class="c0">501c3 status-</span></p><p class="c1"><span>bi-law changes are necessary. &nbsp;Acknowledgement of receipt of filing will be within 6 months. &nbsp;After 2/3 years of filing, status will become permanent.</span></p><p class="c1"><span>&nbsp;</span></p><p class="c1"><span class="c0">Membership report was shared</span></p><p class="c1"><span>- discussion of how memberships will be shared from large donors (DEF, BNR)</span></p><p class="c1"><span>- 50+ members (votes) are now listed</span></p><p class="c1"><span>- new membership brochure/packet will be created</span></p><p class="c1"><span>- consideration/recognition will be necessary for large donors once founding memberships are no longer an option</span></p><p class="c1"><span>- membership/finance committee is necessary to answer questions related to pre-paying, payment plans, membership vs. donation, etc. &nbsp;CPA may not be necessary at this point. Clarification needs to be added to the website &ldquo;donations (cash or otherwise) do not contribute to membership.&rdquo;</span></p><p class="c1"><span>&nbsp;</span></p><p class="c1"><span>Policy retreat to be planned? Garrett will share notes re: policy creation at next board meeting. &nbsp;Should policies be discussed and created at board meetings or retreats? </span></p><p class="c1"><span>&nbsp;</span></p><p class="c1"><span>Kickstarter to be rescheduled for 7/19. &nbsp;</span></p><p class="c1"><span>&nbsp;</span></p><p class="c1"><span class="c0">Communication/Irm:</span></p><p class="c1"><span>&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;-Teaser video to be posted to website</span></p><p class="c1"><span>&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;- Membership applications to be given to BNR</span></p><p class="c1"><span>&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;- Letterhead to be created</span></p><p class="c1"><span>- List of organizations to approach. &nbsp;Need &ldquo;leave behind&rdquo; packet to give to sponsors/members. &nbsp;How will they be acknowledged/incentives: name on FB, Sponsor&rsquo;s wall, newsletter mention etc&hellip;</span></p><p class="c1"><span>- Consider asking for multi-year sponsorships/donors</span></p><p class="c1"><span>- Tiered/leveled sponsors (think booster club)</span></p><p class="c1"><span>- drop-off date necessary for determining &ldquo;founders&rdquo; level, etc</span></p><p class="c1"><span>- Goal is not yet set for Kickstarter campaign (Year one-84k, year two- 138k, year three- 92k). </span></p><p class="c1"><span>- Discussion regarding board involvement (governance/policy vs. operational). &nbsp;We have already hit 40k. Fundraising team will work on setting the goal plus a &ldquo;stretch&rdquo; goal (10k-15k?)</span></p><p class="c1"><span>- Fundraising campaigns upcoming: Memberships (on website), direct ask (emails out asking for donations/memberships), Kickstarter (September &ndash;November), end-of-year (December).</span></p><p class="c1"><span>&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;- address is still Lew&rsquo;s until lockable mailbox is installed at DM</span></p><p class="c1"><span>&nbsp;</span></p><p class="c1"><span>Presence at Book Festival tbd- there will be a Makers tent</span></p><p class="c1"><span>&nbsp;</span></p><p class="c1"><span>Caitlin working on Toyota Tapestry and NSF grants that will apply towards student experiences- not operational. &nbsp;</span></p><p class="c1 c2"><span></span></p></body></html>